Update README.md (#919)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: README.md

      ```shell
      $ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
      ```
### Step 4 - Build Project
1. To build the code navigate to the en folder and run the following command:

    ```shell
    $ ./serve.sh
    ```
This script will check spellings and incorrect links. 

> Incorrect Spellings will be highlighted in red. You can take one of the resolution paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incorrect spellings will be highlighted in red. You can take one of the following resolution paths:
```

> - You can choose the correct suggested spelling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose the suggested correct spelling. 
```

> - "Ignore" will ignore that word and not ask about it again in the current run. If you re-run the command again though, it will appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proceed with "Ignore" to skip the word and not be prompted about it again during the current run. However, it will reappear if you rerun the command.
```

- "Add to file ignores" will ignore the word in this file only.

> - "Add to dictionary - case insensitive" will add to the dictionary for all files and match any case. E.g. with the word Microsoft both Microsoft and microsoft would match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proceed with "Add to dictionary - case insensitive" to add the word to the dictionary for all files, but only matching the exact case used. For example, with the word "Microsoft," both "Microsoft" and "Microsoft" would be considered correct.
```
